Finally, let's work on the layout of our application first, the main diff element should get the container
class.
This class is required to use bootstrap grid system container will set your main contents section to
be centered and be of the specific WIFF depending on the user screen with this documentation, page
explains it well, inside the container elements, you can create a grid of rows and columns, but we
will be doing that later.
First, let's build a navigation heather in our obligation, something like you've seen that bootstrap
documentation.
Let's start with a surrounding development.
Then goes Heather Element with our application name.
Next, a nouf element that will contain links to different pages.
Let's create for.
To the homepage.
To the contact page.
The least of the blog posts and to a forum that can create our blog post.
The root helper will give these links the proper use or else, so let us feel their creative attribute
of all elements.
Douridas.
Let's see how it's looking so far.
Not the nicest design, but, hey, the links work you can navigate to every page we have.
Now, let's dial the header, we will be using Fleck's box and I will type all the classes inside the
chrome dev tools so you will be able to see the difference after every change.
Then we will copy classes to the code editor.
First, let's make the surrounding development a flex container.
By adding deflects.
Then Fleck's column, as we want the direction to be from top to bottom.
But not always, only on smaller screens, so from medium screen end up, we want the default flex direction
from left to right versus flex and roll.
M.D. means more or equal 768 pixels in screen width, so this is how responsive pages are made, different
styles are being applied on different screen sizes.
A line items center will center items across the cross axis, whatever it currently is, then let's
add some padding to this element of size free using P free.
On all corners, but on bigger screens, the horizontal padding needs to be bigger, so.
PEX, M.D. for.
Now, let's set the white background using big white.
Border on the bottom.
So our border bottom class and a small shadow, so shadow s m.
This is how it's currently looking.
Now, let's reset the default margin on the header element by setting the margin vertical to be zero.
Make this element fill the available empty space by using Ammer and the outer, but only from the medium
screen size.
Font should be of normal weight, so font weight normal.
Then Danoff elements should get some vertical margin.
But no margin from the medium screen size, so NY and zero.
And a little bit bigger margin on the right side.
When the screen size is medium and up.
It's starting to look cool also, let's add some bottom margin to the header element.
Using be free.
For some spacing between their content and the header.
Finally, the elements should get a general padding of size, too, and the text should be dark.
So we will only change one element in here in the browser, but then we actually need to move all this
changes to the code editor.
So let's begin with the styles for the surrounding header element.
So this styles go in here.
And Heather Styles.
To the other element.
Navigation elements, styles.
And finally, there a elliman styles, so let's paste up to every single element.
Now, save the changes and when we refresh.
This would be immediately styled without us having to make manual changes.
Now, apparently, I've copied those elements incorrectly because this doesn't really look proper and
I forgot this D to make this are Fleck's container element.
Now everything should be fine.
Also, notice how this header menu gets responsive when the screen is getting smaller.
If you take a look at those pixels at the top of the page, you can see that the breaking point of I've
described changes how the layout looks like.